feat: merge contentful environments (#871)
DFE-Digital/sts-plan-technology-for-your-school: contentful/content-management/README.md

    ```bash
    npm run crud-operation YYYYMMDD-HHMM-description-of-crud-operation.js
    ```
____

## Importing Content

> - importing content can be acheived using he `import-content` script, which will import content from a json file into a specified environment. The json file should be in the format of the `export-processor` export outputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- importing content can be achieved using the `import-content` script, which will import content from a json file into a specified environment. The json file should be in the format of the `export-processor` export outputs
```
